Yuguo, Cangyun Town Lingjia, the moon passed.
Ling Han spent a full ten seconds, and finally finally confirmed that he really reborn and reborn.
For a strong person in heaven and earth, it takes ten seconds to confirm a thing. This is absolutely incredible, but it also proves how incredible things happen to him.
In the previous life, he stood on the peak of Wudao, and he had unprecedented achievements on Dandao. The creation of the "Three Fires" technique triggered a revolution in the alchemy world and was revered as "Dan Di".
But he is not satisfied, but also wants to go further, to reach the legendary broken virtual world, to break the void, to become a god. To this end, he visited countless monuments and eventually entered the Black Blood Valley. After a lot of danger, he found a mysterious ancient tower.
Did not let him down, the golden text appeared on the ancient pagoda, it is a supreme practice, called "Invincible The Book of Heaven", to the highest level, the body is not bad immortal, coexist with the heavens and the earth, with the sun and the moon Same life!
Even though the martial arts of Ling Hantian’s humanity is still cultivated, it is still difficult to understand that this “Indestructible of the Book of Heaven” is like reading a book of heaven, and there is no clue.
He forcibly wrote down this practice. When he wanted to study the ancient tower, the ancient tower was lightly shaken, releasing a boundless god, and instantly broke his body. But what is weird is that his soul did not dissipate, and he fell into a state of waking up, dreaming, and dreaming, which lasted for tens of thousands of years.
During this 10,000 years, his soul has been trying to figure out the immortality of the Bible - except this he can't do anything else. After 10,000 years, he finally realized the first layer of this practice.
A strong person in heaven and earth took 10,000 years to comprehend the first realm of a practice. What is this concept?
It is necessary to know that the heavenly people are generally better than the Shouyuan, which is less than a thousand years old. Normally, no one in the world can cultivate this immortal, because it has already died before it has begun.
But Ling Han has mastered the first layer of the "Invincible The Book of Heaven" in this quirky way. Then he suddenly came alive and reborn in a 16-year-old boy who is also called Ling Han.
Unbelievable!
"No matter what is going on, in short, I am alive!"
"Although this body is only the repair of the second floor of the refining body, the waste material can no longer be scrapped, but I used to be a strong person in heaven and humanity. Standing on the top of the martial arts, it is also the master of Dan Dao. If you don't believe that you can't return to the peak."
"And, I can finally cultivate the immortal scriptures. This is a supreme practice, even...may not be all in the world, but from the legendary gods, otherwise it may take 10,000 years to understand A heavy work method?"
"In this world, I will be able to surpass my predecessors and achieve my throne!"
"And, what happened to this body? When I was 16 years old, I practiced on the second floor of the refining body. Is it because the martial arts are too dying today?"
Boom, countless memories poured into my mind, this is another memory of Ling Han, the original owner of the body, and in this process, two completely different people are also merged together, regardless of each other.
"I understand."
Ling Han nodded in his heart. The reason why he is now the second floor of the refining body is that his spiritual root is too bad.
There is a prerequisite for wanting to become a warrior, that is, you must have a spiritual root. With the root of the spirit, we can absorb the aura between the heavens and the earth, quench our body, and turn into our own strength.
Some Linggen absorbs the aura quickly, and some of the roots are slow. Therefore, the roots are divided into four major levels of heaven and earth. Each big grade is divided into upper, middle and lower three grades. The grade is the worst.
The key to judging the merits of Linggen lies in the purity, the purer the better, and the Lingling's spiritual root is the five elements, the most messy, which is the most inferior spiritual root in the martial arts world, counted as the yellow grade. All can only be said to be reluctant, so he is only 16 years old but only cultivated to the second floor of the refining body, and how his peers have reached the fourth and fifth floors of the refining body.
The lingering cold of the past life is the Tianling root, and it is still the Jiuyang fire root of the heavenly top grade, plus the Dandao talent that no one can reach, with Dan Fuwu, it only took two hundred years to reach the day. Humanity, this is a record of no one before.
"The five elements of the hybrid root, this is the lowest spiritual root. It is no wonder that although the predecessor worked hard, it only had the second layer of refining."
"In my case, although the five elements of the hybrid roots are a bit tricky, they are supplemented with medicinal herbs. For up to four hundred years, I will definitely be able to return to the peak!"
"what!"
Ling Han exclaimed in his heart, his face showed an unbelievable shocked expression. He stunned for a while, and re-visited his own roots in Dantian with powerful soul. The shocked expression suddenly became ecstasy.
"This is not a five-line hybrid root, the five elements are completely balanced, forming a Dao Lian! This is the five elements of Chaos Lotus, the best of the best, even rarer than the Jiuyang fire root, can be called the **** level root!"
“The predecessor’s cultivation is slow because God’s spiritual roots need special exercises to achieve real power.”
"And I... I have mastered a five-line celestial power that matches the five elements of Chaos Lotus!"
"One hundred years! No, it only takes fifty years, I can regain the heavens!"
Rao is a cult of the world in the past, and he can’t help but reveal the joy. The roots are born to be doomed, and the day after tomorrow cannot be changed. In the past, he has visited countless ancient monuments in order to break the illusion, and has obtained a lot of secrets and secrets. The Five Elements of Heaven and Earth is one of them.
In the previous life, he stood at the peak of martial arts. In this world, he will create more glory and create immortal myths.
"How did the predecessor die?"
Ling Han turned his memory, and soon he showed his anger.
Formerly the only son of the Lingjia family, Lingdongxing, the mother, grandparents passed away very early. The Ling family is a family of martial arts. Every ethnic group is practicing martial arts, and it is also respected by Wu. What can Lingdong behave as a homeowner? It is his strongest strength, played out.
Because of the problem of Linggen, Ling Han was regarded as a waste material from an early age, and he ate his eyes.
In order to give his son a bright future, Lingdongxing and Huyang College reached an agreement - Huyang College will recruit Linghan to become a disciple, and cultivate it in full force. In exchange, Lingdongxing will enter the Ziguangdi Valley. Looking for something lost for a long time ago for Huyang College.
Huyang College was built by the Yuguo Dynasty. There are countless resources. If it is fully cultivated, then the people who waste the materials can also be promoted to Juyuan.
But the people at Huyang College can't be idiots. If that thing is good, how can they be willing to open such excellent conditions?
The purple valley is dangerous. If you take a wrong step, you may lose your life. For the sake of your son, Lingdongxing left without hesitation seven days ago.
Yesterday, people from Huyang College came and informed Lingjia that they would pick up people according to the agreement. At this time, Lingjia’s deacon, Ling Zhongkuan, ran over to discuss with his predecessor, asking him to give up this precious place and give his grandson Ling Muyun.
The reason is that Ling Muyun is a genius and has an unlimited future. Such an opportunity cannot waste a waste material.
The predecessor naturally will not agree, this is the opportunity for his father to exchange his life! However, Ling Zhongkuan said that it was a consultation. In fact, it was only a notice of his predecessor. He did not take his opinion to heart.
The predecessor couldn't bear to shoot, but Ling Qiang is a strong person in the Yuan Dynasty. One finger can suppress him. Is he an opponent?
Just a punch, the front body was seriously injured, and then shut down in his room, apparently did not want him to mess up in front of the people of Huyang College. When the Lingdong line came back, it was already a boat.
The fortune of the predecessor was so angry and dead.
Ling Han snorted, it was really deceiving. The quota that his father had exchanged for his life was actually taken away by Ling Zhongkuan.
This is a shameless dog thing!
Can't bear it!
He climbed up from the bed and suddenly felt sore in his body - he lived alive, but the injury on his body would not be better than invincible.
"Well? Linggen is still traumatized!" Ling Han brow wrinkled, Ling Zhongkuan's blow caused damage to his roots, and Ling Gen suffered, this is a very troublesome thing, ordinary medical stone invalid.
"As far as I know, there are seven kinds of remedies that can repair the roots, but the four materials needed are too expensive, so the whole Ling family can't be sold. And, my Linggen is only affected. It is lightly invasive and does not require such advanced medicinal herbs."
"The three remaining, two need to be refined into Dan, so I am too reluctant to rebuild the second floor of the refining body. Then there is only one choice - Yuanxin Fuling San, only need to proportionate the medicine Cook the juice."
"First cure the injury, and then stop Ling Zhongkuo grandson. Although I don't have this rare place, I can't let my father's life-changing opportunity be cheaper. This is a shameless grandson!"
He sat down on his knees and began to work "not killing the classics."
This is the first time he has run this door, which may be a god-level exercise, but since it has been tried for tens of thousands of years, it is now extremely calm. Hey, his body suddenly has a strong vitality, the Yuan force is consumed a lot, but the injury is quickly recovered.
In just a few minutes, he was already hurt.
"It doesn't mean that there is no immortality. I have just begun to cultivate and have such a miraculous effect. It is totally different from other exercises. The normal practice is to use Linggen to transform the heaven and earth aura into Yuanli, but not the Tianjing. On the contrary, Yuanli will temper the body and heal the wound."
"After training to the highest level, it is not impossible to die."
"So you can call it the Book of Heaven!"
"Unfortunately, the current level is not enough, otherwise I will be able to repair the roots with the immortality."
Ling Han opened his eyes and looked at the sky whitening outside the window, muttering: "Now, it will be a long time to go wide and the shameless old goods, give him a surprise."
He put on his shoes, went to the door and hit it.
Immediately, a tall figure appeared at the door to block his way. This person is called Zhang Yuan, one of Ling Heng’s running dogs.
"Cold young master, the big deacon told you, you have to stay in the room today!" Zhang Yuanxiao smiled, the opposite of this person is the son of the owner, but it is notoriously waste material, in his eyes is a joke.
Ling Han looked cold and said: "Do you dare to stop me?"
It’s you who stopped, the deacon said, don’t let Ling Han go to trouble today, if necessary, just slap on it! Zhang Yuanpi smiled and said: "This is the command of the great deacon. Please ask the young master not to make me embarrassed."
Ling Zhongkuan’s old dog is really cautious. He is still worried about being seriously injured. He also sent people to keep the door, and this can also be seen how important it is for Sun Yat-sen to enter Huyang College for Ling Zhongkuan. When the hope is shattered, Ling Zhongkuan’s disappointment and irritability can be imagined.
"Get out!" Ling cold and cold.
"Little Master, this is big -"
Snapped!
Ling Han raised his hand is a slap in the face, cold and cold: "What are you, telling you not to roll?"
What, I was actually slapped by a waste material? Zhang Yuan couldn't believe in his face. This waste material dared to shoot him, and he hit it. Which is the joke?
He was so angry that when he thought of Ling Zhongkuan's words, he could start when he needed it. He couldn't help but die to the gallbladder. He said: "Chen the young master, this is what you forced me -"
Snapped!
Ling Han waved again and took a slap in the face.